# ChatOCIGenAI

it is imported from `langchain_oci.chat_models`, as `ChatOCIGenAI`
This class will then be instantiated with the following parameters inside it's constructor:

-> model_id
-> service_endpoint
-> compartment_id
-> model_kwargs
-> auth_file_location

The `model_id` is the identifier of the OCI Generative AI model to use.
The `service_endpoint` is the URL of the OCI service endpoint for the model.
The `compartment_id` is the OCID of the compartment where the model is located.
The `model_kwargs` are additional keyword arguments to pass to the model.
The `auth_file_location` is the path to the file containing the authentication information.

### Example

#### Importing

```python
from langchain_oci.chat_models import ChatOCIGenAI
```

#### Instantiation of `ChatOCIGenAI`

```python
llm = ChatOCIGenAI(
    model_id="",
    service_endpoint="",
    compartment_id="",
    model_kwargs={"temperature": 0, "max_tokens": 500},
    auth_file_location="./config"
)
```
# HumanMessage

This indicates a message from the user to the AI model. It can be a query, a command, or any input that the user wants to send to the model, generally called a `"Prompt"`, so we can use this to ask questions or give instructions or we can combine this with `AIMessage` (we will discuss it in detail after this ) to create a conversation for creating a chat history.

### Example

#### Importing

```python
from langchain_core.messages import HumanMessage
```

#### Instantiation of `HumanMessage`

```python
human_message = HumanMessage(content="Tell me one fact about earth")
```

This should be used inside an array for chat history.
```python
messages = [human_message, ai_message]
```
Wondering what's ai_message?? well, don't worry read the next section :)

# AIMessage
This indicates a message from the AI model to the user. It represents the response generated by the model based on the input provided by the user. This can be used to create a conversation history along with `HumanMessage`.

### Example

#### Importing

```python
from langchain_core.messages import AIMessage
```

#### Instantiation of `AIMessage`

```python
ai_message = AIMessage(content="Earth is the third planet from the Sun.")
```

# How to create a conversation history?
To create a chat history, we need a method called `invoke` from our instantiated `ChatOCIGenAI` object like this:
```python
llm = ChatOCIGenAI(...)
llm.invoke(messages)
```
